Update zkEVM - Edit user fees (#427)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/zkEVM/architecture/effective-gas/user-tx-flow/sequencer-flow-egp.md

   The entire sequencer flow is summarized in the figure below.

   ![Figure: Sequencer flow](../../../../img/zkEVM/tx-flow-seq-component.png)

> ### Example (Sequencer Flow)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example (Sequencer flow)
```

    This results in the following priority factor:

    $$
    \begin{aligned}
    \texttt{PriorityRatio} &= \frac{\texttt{SignedGasPrice}}{\texttt{SuggestedGasPrice}} - 1 \\
    \text{ } &= \frac{3.3}{3} - 1 = 0.1
    \end{aligned}
    $$
    
    and an estimated effective gas price:

    $$
    \begin{aligned}
    \texttt{EEGP} &= \texttt{BreakEvenGasPrice} \cdot \big(1 + \texttt{PriorityRatio}\big) \\
    \text{ } &= 2.52 \cdot \big( 1 + 0.1 \big)  = 2.722\ \texttt{GWei/Gas}
    \end{aligned}
    $$

    This amounts to a $10\%$ increment to the gas price for transaction prioritization.

2. Since the signed gas price is bigger than the estimated effective gas price,
    
    $$
    \texttt{SignedGasPrice} = 3.3 > 2.772 = \texttt{EEGP}
    $$

    the transaction can be executed with the $\texttt{SignedGasPrice}$.

3. The sequencer can use the current and correct state, together with the computed $\texttt{EEGP}$, in order to obtain a more accurate measure of the gas used, call it $\texttt{GasUsedNew}$.

    Suppose that, in this case, we obtain

    $$
    \texttt{GasUsedNew} = 95,000\ \texttt{Gas}
    $$

    which is bigger than the RPC-estimated gas of $60,000$.

> 4. With the new $\texttt{GasUsedNew}$, an adjusted effective gas price ($\texttt{NEGP}$) can be computed in the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. With the new $\texttt{GasUsedNew}$, an adjusted effective gas price ($\texttt{NEGP}$) can be computed with the following steps.
```

    
    Firstly, the total transaction cost:

    $$
    \texttt{TxCostNew} = (200 · 16 + 100 · 4) · 20 + 95,000 · 20 · 0.04 = 148,000 \ \texttt{GWei}
    $$

>     It is assumed that the transaction has 200 non-zero bytes and 100 zero bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We assume that the transaction has 200 non-zero bytes and 100 zero bytes.
```

    Secondly, the new breakeven gas price: 

    $$
    \texttt{BreakEvenGasPriceNew} = \frac{148, 000}{95, 000} · 1.2 = 1.869\ \texttt{GWei/Gas}
    $$

    where a $20\%$ breakeven factor is applied.

    Thirdly, the new effective gas price:

    $$
    \begin{aligned}
    \texttt{NEGP} &= \texttt{BreakEvenGasPriceNew} \cdot \big(1 + \texttt{PriorityRatio}\big) \\
    \text{ } &= 1.869 · \big( 1 + \big( \frac{\texttt{SignedGasPrice}}{\texttt{SuggestedGasPrice}} - 1 \big) \big) \\ 
    \text{ } &= 1.869 · \big( 1 + \big( \frac{3.3}{3} - 1 \big) \big) \\
    \text{ } &= 1.869 · 1.1 = 2.056\ \texttt{GWei/Gas}
    \end{aligned}
    $$

>     Observe that the transaction cost is way higher than the RPC-estimated one of $126,000$ even when the L1 gas price has decreased from 21 to 20 due to a huge increase in gas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Observe that the transaction cost is much higher than the RPC-estimated one of $126,000$ even when the L1 gas price has decreased from 21 to 20 due to a huge increase in gas.
```

5. Observe that there is a significant deviation between both effective gas prices:
    
    $$
    \frac{|\texttt{NEGP} − \texttt{EEGP}|}{\texttt{EEGP}}  \cdot 100 = 25.82 > 10
    $$

    Executing the transaction with the signed gas price, while the deviation is this big, amounts to penalizing the user unfairly.

    Thus, since the new EGP is smaller than the signed gas price:

    $$
    \texttt{SignedGasPrice}\ = 3.3 > 2.52 =\ \texttt{EEGP} ≫ 2.056 =\ \texttt{NEGP}
    $$

    instead of charging the signed gas price, a further attempt to adjust the gas price is made by charging the $\texttt{NEGP} = 2.056$ to the user.

> 6. In the case where the transaction has none of the two opcodes, $\texttt{GASPRICE}$ and $\texttt{BALANCE}$, in the source address opcodes, the transaction gets executed with the NEGP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. In the case where the transaction has neither of the two opcodes, $\texttt{GASPRICE}$ and $\texttt{BALANCE}$, in the source address opcodes, the transaction gets executed with the NEGP:
```
